4 January 2010 - Release 1.3.  Two changes (issue5 & issue23) simply changed
the format of the code but was for the sake of the developers and did not add,
change or remove and functionality.  Testing has been made a bit stricter at
install time when the user runs "Build test" with a much larger number of tests
now being carried out (issue10).  A defect that meant that spurious null
hostnames would be shown under some circumstances has been fixed (issue27).
Finally, a user is notified if a changed node has had it's operating system
changed (issue25).  There is also a warning if the version of Nmap has changed
between the baseline and observed scans (issue28).

12 September 2009 - Release 1.2.  This release fixes a minor issue introduced
in release 1.1 where a diagnostic warning was show when a host didn't have a
MAC address (issue15).  Also tidied up the documentation and source code logic
for the --hostname-key (issue18).  Due to an oversight <blame>Ben
Dalling</blame>, the MAC address wasn't shown in the stylesheet, even though
they were appearing in the XML output file (issue16).

20 August 2009 - Release 1.1.  This release fixes a minor bug (issue7) that
incorrectly shows a hostname as '0' when there was not a hostname in the
original Nmap report.  The following changes and enhancements have been made:

 * The --hostname-key option has been added to assist in analysing hosts that
   are in a DHCP environment where hostnames remain static but the IP
   address is randomly allocated (issue3).
 * The MAC address of any new, missing or changed hosts is now shown in the
   Yandiff reports (issue4).
 * The stylesheet has been updated to reflect this bug fix and the
   included enhancements (issue8).

17 July 2009 - Release 1.0 of yandiff which is a relable of 0.1.

25 June 2009 - Release 0.1 of yandiff after the rename of the project from
xndiff.

============================================================================
=========================== XNDIFF =========================================
============================================================================
17 June 2009 - Release 0.7. Allows the user to use a slightly less verbose
command line for a quick check. Also the output of both text and XML reports
now show what the previous status of a port was.

24 January 2009 - Release 0.6. Sorted out how the command line worked by
allowing shorted options for the user, tightened up the logic when the
--version or --gen-stylesheet options were used and a stylesheet is
automatically generated if it doesn't exist when using the --stylesheet option.

07 January 2009 - Release 0.5. This release fixed a bug which had unfiltered
ports being shown when only filtered ports were requested.

28 December 2008 - Release 0.4. This release fixed the following bugs:

    * Script hangs on Windows. 

It also added the following enhancement:

    * The script now allows the user to filter which changed ports should be
      shown. 

10 December 2008 - Release 0.3. This release implemented a different install
method to move towards a less Linux/Unix dependant release. Also this script
generates a different (and hopefully improved) XML stylesheet.

29 November 2008 - Release 0.2. This release removed references from the old
ISC license and changed contact details to the Google Code project page.

25 November 2008 - Release 0.1. The initial release after migrating from a
local Subversion repository and from an ISC license to the New BSD to be
compatible with Google Code policy. 
